linux: clarify pids cgroup settings (#1279)
opencontainers/runtime-spec: config-linux.md

The following parameters can be specified to set up the controller:

* **`limit`** *(int64, REQUIRED)* - specifies the maximum number of tasks in the cgroup, with `-1` indicating no limit (`max`).

> > Note: Even though it superficially seems redundant, `0` is a valid limit value for the `pids` cgroup controller and SHOULD NOT be treated as a special value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Even though it superficially seems redundant, `0` is a valid limit value for the `pids` cgroup controller from kernel's perspective, and SHOULD NOT be treated as "no limit". An implementation may reject `0`.
```

Reviewer: ping @cyphar

Author: I went with

> Note: Even though may seem superficially redundant; from the kernel's perspective, `0` is a valid limit value for the `pids` cgroup controller and SHOULD be treated as such by runtimes.
